---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-04-14T19:51:20.299Z'
dateModified: '2016-04-14T19:51:19.336Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-04-14-e50bfe9a-89f7-4ba2-a3a2-a311fe1a873b.md
published: true
url: e50bfe9a-89f7-4ba2-a3a2-a311fe1a873b/index.html
_type: Article

---
At SOLVATECH we understand that a business depends upon a reliable, secure, and scalable network to insure peak productivity. We take the time to listen to you and design a network solution that will grow with your business. SOLVATECH works with high quality products that are incredibly scalable and have modules to suit your business' requirements. From networking, to wireless, phone, and video surveillance SOLVATECH has the solutions you need to support your business' future growth.

**Services:**

* Network inspection
  * Inspection of your network and mapping of problem areas and weak points in security
* Network design
  * Custom network recommendation with a focus on future expansion to suit the needs of your business.
* Network implementation
  * Installation and configuration reliable, secure, scalable network
* Wireless planning and implementation
  * Customized plans to provide reliable wireless connections
  * Isolated guest wireless management with terms of use and custom welcome page
* Affordable month-to-month service plans
  * Maintenance plans designed for your network with the confidence that your network is up-to-date and running smoothly\*

Boutique hospitality?

We have solutions to provide a reliable, high quality network to keep guests happy and operations running smoothly. Give us a call today and see how we can improve your guests experience. Reliable guest wireless Internet is a must in today's hospitality industry.

\*Plan dictates level of service